Docs and API follow-ups to #601 (#619)
zarr-developers/VirtualiZarr: docs/custom_parsers.md

```{note}
"Parsers" were previously known variously as "readers" or "backends" in older versions of VirtualiZarr. We renamed them to avoid confusion with obstore readers and xarray backends.
```

## What is a VirtualiZarr parser?

All VirtualiZarr parsers are simply callables that accept a path to a file of a specific format and an instantiated [obstore](https://developmentseed.org/obstore/latest/) store to read data from it with, and return an instance of the :py:class:~`virtualizarr.manifests.ManifestStore` class containing information about the contents of that file.

```python
from virtualizarr.manifests import ManifestStore, ObjectStoreRegistry

def custom_parser(file_url: str, object_store: ObjectStore) -> ManifestStore:
    # access the file's contents, e.g. using the ObjectStore instance
    readable_file = obstore.open_reader(object_store, file_url)

    # parse the file contents to extract its metadata
    # this is generally where the format-specific logic lives
    manifestgroup: ManifestGroup = extract_metadata(readable_file)

    # optionally create an object store registry, used to actually load chunk data from file later

>     registry = ObjectStoreRegistry({store_prefix: object_store})

Author: > a section of the docs covering registries

Unfortunately I don't think this exists yet.

    # construct the Manifeststore from the parsed metadata and the object store registry

>     return ManifestStore(group=manifestgroup, store_registry=registry)

Author: Writing this out made me realize it's a bit weird that an `ObjectStore` is required by the call signature, but not actually technically needed by the code...

vds = vz.open_virtual_dataset(
    file_url,
    object_store=object_store,
    parser=custom_parser,

> )

Reviewer: Adding context managers would certainly add a minor amount of complexity to the examples, but my fear is that most readers of any code examples (regardless of library) tend to _repeat_ the same patterns, even if those patterns are likely _not_ ideal for production code. How many context managers have I already had to add to the codebase itself to resolve problems (both in main code and test code)?

At the very least, I recommend a very obvious, bold warning in at least one place in the docs (ideally somewhere most readers are likely to see) that very clearly indicates that use of context managers is recommended for production code, but for brevity, code examples will not use them. And the callout should show an explicit example of the recommended practice, so that the syntax is visually imprinted in the reader's mind.

> )

Reviewer: Fair point about interleaving prose with code. Perhaps we can at least find a good place to put a callout explaining that use of context managers is strongly recommended to prevent memory/resource leaks in critical code (along with a code example), but that for convenience throughout the docs, context managers might be dropped.

2. It also allows us to support reading data from the file via the `ManifestStore` interface, using zarr-python and obstore, but without using Xarray.

## Reading data from the `ManifestStore`

As well as being a well-defined representation of the archival data in the Zarr model, you can also read chunk data directly from the `ManifestStore` object.

This works because the `ManifestStore` class is an implementation of the Zarr-Python `zarr.abc.Store` interface, and uses the [obstore](https://developmentseed.org/obstore/latest/) package internally to actually fetch chunk data when requested.

Reading data from the `ManifestStore` can therefore be done using the zarr-python API directly
```python
manifest_store = parser(url, object_store)

zarr_group = zarr.open_group(manifest_store)
zarr_group.tree()
```
or using xarray:
```python
manifest_store = parser(url, object_store)

ds = xr.open_zarr(manifest_store)
```

Note using xarray like this would produce an entirely non-virtual dataset, so is equivalent to passing

```python
ds = vz.open_virtual_dataset(
    file_url,
    object_store=object_store,
    parser=parser,
    loadable_variables=<all_the_variable_names>,
)

> ```

Author: See https://github.com/zarr-developers/VirtualiZarr/pull/619/files#r2164943080

## How is the parser called internally?

The parser is passed to `open_virtual_dataset`, and immediately called on the file url to produce a `ManifestStore` instance.

The `ManifestStore` is then converted to the xarray data model using `Manifeststore.to_virtual_dataset()`, which loads `loadable_variables` by reading from the `ManifestStore` using `xr.open_zarr`.

This virtual dataset object is then returned to the user, so `open_virtual_dataset` is really a very thin wrapper around the parser and object store you pass in.

## Parser-specific keyword arguments

The `Parser` callable does not accept arbitrary optional keyword arguments.

However, extra information is often needed to fully map the archival format to the Zarr data model, for example if the format does not include array names or dimension names.

> Instead, to pass arbitrary extra information to your parser callable, it is recommended that you bind that information to class attributes (or use `functools.partial`), e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, to pass arbitrary extra information to your parser callable, it is recommended that you bind that information to class attributes (or use `functools.partial`). For example:
```
